[AIRFLOW-3743] Unify different methods of working out AIRFLOW_HOME (#4705)
mistercrunch/Airflow: UPDATING.md

airflow users --remove-role --username jondoe --role Public
```

### Removal of `airflow_home` config setting

There were previously two ways of specifying the Airflow "home" directory

> (`~/airflow` by default). the `AIRFLOW_HOME` environment variable, and the

Reviewer: "**(`~/airflow` by default).**" -> "**(`~/airflow` by default):**"

`airflow_home` config setting in the `[core]` section.

If they had two different values different parts of the code base would end up

> with different values. The config setting has been depecated, and you should

Reviewer: `depecated ` is a typo?

Author: Yes, should be "deprecated"

> remove the value form the config files and set `AIRFLOW_HOME` environment if

Reviewer: "**environment**" -> "**environment variable**"?

This changes the behaviour if you previously explicitly provided `None` as a default value. If your code expects a `KeyError` to be thrown, then don't pass the `default_var` argument. 

### Removal of `airflow_home` config setting

There were previously two ways of specifying the Airflow "home" directory
(`~/airflow` by default): the `AIRFLOW_HOME` environment variable, and the
`airflow_home` config setting in the `[core]` section.

If they had two different values different parts of the code base would end up
with different values. The config setting has been deprecated, and you should

> remove the value form the config files and set `AIRFLOW_HOME` environment

Reviewer 2: Typo:
```suggestion
remove the value from the config file and set `AIRFLOW_HOME` environment
```

variable if you need to use a non default value for this.

(Since this setting is used to calculate what config file to load, it is not

> possible to keep just the config option)

Reviewer: @ashb I'm wondering what will happen if I have both env variables `AIRFLOW_HOME` and `AIRFLOW__CORE__AIRFLOW_HOME` , but set to different values?

Author: To the code the second one is the same as setting it in the config file

Author: Having re-read this: this is the very problem I ran in to that caused me to issue the PR. If the are set to different values then the webserver_config.py would be looked for in one, but other things from the other.

Specifically the problem I had was that webserver_config.py was written to one, but read from the other! So `airflow create_user` etc targeted an `sqlite://:memory:` DB!
